chore: Update mounting secrets and configmap into container (#2064)
codenvy/che-docs: modules/installation-guide/partials/proc_mounting-a-secret-or-a-configmap-as-a-file-into-a-container.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// mounting-a-secret-or-a-configmap-as-a-file-or-an-environment-variable-into-a-container

[id="mounting-a-secret-or-a-configmap-as-a-file-into-a-container_{context}"]
= Mounting a Secret or a ConfigMap as a file into a {prod-short} container

.Prerequisites

* A running instance of {prod-short}. To install an instance of {prod-short}, see {link-installing-an-instance}.

.Procedure

. Create a new {platforms-name} Secret or a ConfigMap in the {platforms-name} {orch-namespace} where a {prod-short} is deployed. The labels of the object that is about to be created must match the set of labels:
+
* `app.kubernetes.io/part-of: che.eclipse.org`
* `app.kubernetes.io/component: <DEPLOYMENT_NAME>-<OBJECT_KIND>`
+

> * The `<DEPLOYMENT_NAME>` coresponds to the one following deployments:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The `<DEPLOYMENT_NAME>` corresponds to the one following deployments:
```

** `postgres`
** `keycloak`
** `devfile-registry`
** `plugin-registry`
** `{prod-deployment}` 
+
and
+
* `<OBJECT_KIND>` is either:
+
** `secret`
+
or
+ 
** `configmap`

// The following content is downstream friendly

.Example:
====
[source,yaml,subs="+attributes"]
----
apiVersion: v1
kind: Secret
metadata:
  name: custom-data
  labels:
    app.kubernetes.io/part-of: che.eclipse.org
    app.kubernetes.io/component: {prod-deployment}-secret
...
----
or
[source,yaml,subs="+attributes"]
----
apiVersion: v1
kind: ConfigMap
metadata:
  name: custom-data
  labels:
    app.kubernetes.io/part-of: che.eclipse.org
    app.kubernetes.io/component: {prod-deployment}-configmap
...
----
====

Annotations must indicate that the given object is mounted as a file. Configure the annotation values:

* `che.eclipse.org/mount-as: file` - to indicate that a object is mounted as a file

> * `che.eclipse.org/mount-path: _<FOO_ENV>_` - to provide a required mount path

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `che.eclipse.org/mount-path: _<TARGET_PATH>_` - to provide a required mount path
```

.Example:
====
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: v1
kind: Secret
metadata:
  name: custom-data
  annotations:
    che.eclipse.org/mount-path: /data

>     che.eclipse.org/mount-as: file

Reviewer: it's not critical but above the order is different, I think it makes sense to align them
